#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-permissions-policy
    #   django-structlog
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
django==4.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-activity-stream
    #   django-allow-cidr
    #   django-axes
    #   django-csp
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-http-referrer-policy
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   django-jsonfield-backport
    #   django-permissions-policy
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-tqdm
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
django-activity-stream==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-oauth2==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allow-cidr==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cursor-pagination==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extended-choices==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-http-referrer-policy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==6.0.4
    # via django-structlog
django-jsonfield==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jsonfield-backport==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jsonfield-compat==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-permissions-policy==4.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-split-settings==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-structlog==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tqdm==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
    #   hawkrest
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements.in
dump-env==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
hawkrest==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hawkrest
    #   requests-hawk
msal==1.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-admin-oauth2
    #   requests-oauthlib
opensearch-dsl==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opensearch-py==2.5.0
    # via opensearch-dsl
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   django-allow-cidr
    #   drf-yasg
phonenumberslite==8.13.34
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   msal
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   opensearch-dsl
    #   opensearch-py
python-ipware==2.0.2
    # via django-ipware
pytz==2024.1
    # via drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-yasg
redis==5.0.3
    # via django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   msal
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests-hawk
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-hawk==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   django-admin-oauth2
    #   django-staff-sso-client
sentry-sdk==1.44.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-extended-choices
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   furl
    #   mohawk
    #   opensearch-dsl
    #   opensearch-py
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
str2bool==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
structlog==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-structlog
tablib==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.3
    # via django-tqdm
typed-ast==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asgiref
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
waitress==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via elastic-apm
