#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
appdirs==1.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   django-migration-linter
astroid==2.5.8
    # via pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   hypothesis
    #   pytest
autopep8==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bandit==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
black==19.10b0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
blinker==1.4
    # via nplusone
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via doc8
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==6.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-default-group
    #   dotenv-linter
    #   safety
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via dotenv-linter
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-testmon
cryptography==3.4.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
django==2.2.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allow-cidr
    #   django-axes
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-feature-policy
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   django-jsonfield-backport
    #   django-migration-linter
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-tqdm
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
django-activity-stream==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-admin-oauth2==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-allow-cidr==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-axes==5.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-csp==3.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cursor-pagination==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extended-choices==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==2.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
django-feature-policy==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-health-check==3.14.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-http-referrer-policy==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ipware==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-axes
    #   django-structlog
django-jsonfield==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-jsonfield-backport==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-jsonfield-compat==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-migration-linter==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-phonenumber-field==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-querycount==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-split-settings==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-staff-sso-client==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-structlog==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-stubs==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-test-migrations==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-tqdm==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   hawkrest
doc8==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
dotenv-linter==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
dparse==0.5.1
    # via safety
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
dump-env==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
ecs-logging==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
elastic-apm==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
elasticsearch==7.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
faker==0.9.1
    # via mixer
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   flake8-django
    #   flake8-isort
    #   flake8-pytest
flake8-django==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-isort==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-plugin-utils==1.3.2
    # via flake8-pytest-style
flake8-pytest==1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-pytest-style==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
furl==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.24
    # via bandit
hawkrest==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
hypothesis==4.57.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ipython==7.31.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
isort==5.9.3
    # via
    #   flake8-isort
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mixer==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hawkrest
    #   requests-hawk
more-itertools==8.10.0
    # via pytest
mypy==0.750
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-stubs
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via mypy
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allow-cidr
nplusone==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-admin-oauth2
    #   requests-oauthlib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   furl
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dparse
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pbr==5.6.0
    # via stevedore
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phonenumberslite==8.12.11
    # via -r requirements.txt
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via dotenv-linter
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pylint==2.7.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-deadfixtures
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-testmon
    #   pytest-timeout
pytest-cov==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-deadfixtures==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-randomly==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-testmon==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-timeout==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4
    # via
    #   bandit
    #   dparse
    #   yamllint
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-redis
regex==2021.10.8
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   requests-hawk
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   safety
    #   sphinx
requests-hawk==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests-mock==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-admin-oauth2
    #   django-staff-sso-client
restructuredtext-lint==1.3.2
    # via doc8
ruamel-yaml==0.17.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-yasg
safety==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sentry-sdk==0.13.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   bcrypt
    #   django-extended-choices
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   doc8
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   furl
    #   mohawk
    #   nplusone
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   structlog
smmap==4.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
sphinx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.4.0
    # via
    #   bandit
    #   doc8
str2bool==1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
structlog==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-structlog
tablib==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
testfixtures==6.18.3
    # via flake8-isort
text-unidecode==1.2
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   black
    #   dparse
    #   pylint
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-tqdm
traitlets==5.1.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   dotenv-linter
    #   mypy
uritemplate==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
whitenoise==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
yamllint==1.25.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
